[EuiMarkdownEditor] Allow markdown plugins to disable toolbar button (#6840)
elastic/eui: upcoming_changelogs/6840.md

> Add ability for markdown plugins to disable toolbar buttons

Reviewer: Minor changelog copy
```suggestion
- Added ability for `EuiMarkdownEditor` plugins to disable toolbar buttons
```
